docs: Add instructions for disabling a workflow for a single subscriber [ticket DVRL-22] (#383)
novuhq/docs: workflows/notification-workflows.mdx

</Frame>

Remember, deleting a workflow is not recommended because it can lead to unexpected behavior like this. Instead, updating the workflow group associated with the specific workflow is the right process to address the issue.
</Accordion>

> <Accordion title="How to Disable a Workflow for a Single Subscriber?">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Accordion title="How to disable a workflow for a single subscriber?">
```

> 1. To disable all channels of a workflow for a specific subscriber, you can utilize [subscriber preferences](/subscribers/preferences#subscriber-level-channel-preferences). When all channels are turned off for that subscriber, they will not receive any messages from any channel step, effectively disabling the workflow for that subscriber.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all channels are turned off for that subscriber then subscriber will not receive any messages from any channel step, effectively disabling the workflow for that subscriber.
```
